in Memphis eight seconds left
second down 34 Tennessee at their own
40-yard line 60 yards to go for what
would be a game-winning touchdown
is able to tuck that on rail must go the
distance he's at the 50 and retreating
flags down on the play
he laterals it back to Manning who is
tackled there has a flag on the play at
the 50-yard line
look like a clip against Tennessee in
its so it is officially the biggest
upset in history of Memphis program and
their first win ever over Tennessee but
we have to wait for the official
it is against Tennesse the ballgame is
over
and Memphis has it first win in 16 tried
to hurt whenever against its peers
in-state rival tested
let's take a Tino
what do you feel I can't explain what I
feel like I mean I'm just so proud of
these kids and the way they flame they
hung in there I'm into galavant win what
does this do for your program well you
know it's one game and it helps us take
a step but it's just one game there's
going to be the second happiest man in
this thing you're dead rip tear senior
rejoice in sports
a lot of emotions a career
look look what happens here in the last
play reminiscent of Cal Stanford many
years ago hogan's does a great job but
Manny keeps it alive this is without the
grand
and here's the big play the game Kajri
an instant is beckoning goal delivering
the ball to the tight end number 44
Chris Powers
ironic ending on the last play was Nate
Manning's 23rd completion which gave the
all-time Tennessee record for career
completions on the day he also became
the all-time leader in passing yardage
he suffers what was likely the worst
defeat of his career at Tennessee great
win for Memphis now for mike Mayock and
RT jiggity no life shaman gonna sing so
long with a Sun Liberty Bowl the final
score the Memphis Tigers 21 and the
Tennessee Volunteers 17 next Saturday on
CBS Sports we'll start off on the
franklin templeton strike shootouts
settle up college football regional
accent both of you will see Virginia
Tech take on Miami while others will see
Georgia battle Auburn next Saturday at
3:30 Eastern Time
this has been a presentation of CBS
Sports